Audit August 2025 - Total Balance Enforcers (#144)
MetaMask/delegation-framework: documents/CaveatEnforcers.md

**When to Use Regular vs Total Balance Enforcers**:
- Use **Regular Balance Enforcers** for simple, single-enforcer scenarios
- Use **Multi Operation Balance Enforcers** when multiple enforcers might track the same recipient in a delegation chain

### Multi Operation Increase Balance Enforcers

This includes: 
- `ERC20MultiOperationIncreaseBalanceEnforcer`
- `ERC721MultiOperationIncreaseBalanceEnforcer`
- `ERC1155MultiOperationIncreaseBalanceEnforcer`
- `NativeTokenMultiOperationIncreaseBalanceEnforcer`

Use these when multiple **increase** balance constraints may apply to the same recipient and token within a single redemption, and you need a single, coherent end-of-redemption.

Stated more simply when you want to enforce an outcome of a batch delegation.

#### When to Use Multi Operation Increase Balance Enforcers

**✅ Use Multi Operation Increase Balance Enforcers when:**
- You have a **complex transaction** that requires multiple steps
- Multiple delegations need to **coordinate** to achieve a shared goal

> - You want to **accumulate** balance increase requirements across the entire delegation chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You want to **accumulate** balance increase requirements across the entire redemption flow
```
